Since 1953, young brothers in Korea have been imprisoned for refusing military service.
More than 19,000 brothers have spent a total of 36,000 years in prison for refusing to
compromise their faith.
However, on February 28, 2019, the last of our imprisoned brothers was released.
For the first time in 66 years, not one of Jehovah's Witnesses is imprisoned for refusing military
service.
Brothers and sisters around the world rejoiced at this historic legal victory.
But how was this possible?
It was Jehovah's powerful hand at work.
He blessed the young brothers and their families for the faith and courage they showed.
His Holy Spirit strengthened them, and he provided them with support and encouragement
through a globally united brotherhood.
Now, let's take a closer look at the record of unwavering faith and courage among the Korean brothers.
When the Korean War broke out in 1950, the issue of conscientious objection to military service
came to the fore.
Brother Jung Il Park was one of the first of Jehovah's Witnesses to refuse to compromise his faith.
In 1953, before the war was over, I received an enlistment notice.
At the Recruitment Center, I explained that my sincere conscience would not allow me to
join the military.
They took me to a counterintelligent facility where I was interrogated and tortured.
Once I realized the sincerity of my religious convictions, I was transferred to the military
police, where a military tribunal gave me a three-year prison sentence.
Even after the armistice in 1953, the Korean government continued to punish conscientious
objectors.
In 1973, under the President's special order to achieve 100% enlistment, authorities
raided kingdom halls and the private homes of brothers to forcefully enlist them.
When the officials raided the kingdom hall, I was giving a public talk in the podium.
After the meeting, I said goodbye to my family and fellow witnesses and told them I would
see them in paradise.
Then I was taken away to the military base.
The brothers who were forcefully taken with me were beaten mercilessly and suffered
all kinds of abuse.
As time passed, the inhumane treatment of our brothers enlisted against their will became
even more severe.
Between 1975 and 1985, five brothers died due to physical abuse.
The government formally admitted responsibility for this tragedy.
Brother Chun-gil Lee was one of the five brothers.
Brother Chun-gil Lee was such a precious son to his mother.
At a young age, he had to be the head of his family.
According to the records later found by the commission on suspicious deaths, Brother Lee
had been hit in the stomach with a rod until he lost consciousness.
The officer thought he was pretending and continued to beat him.
After realizing how bad he was hurt, the officer tried to revive Brother Lee by splashing
water on him, but he never woke up.
Brother Chun-gil Lee also suffered similar hardships back then.
What helped you to endure?
The year-tax that year was Psalm 91-2, Jehovah is my refuge and my stronghold.
It felt as if it had been chosen especially for us Korean brothers.
Our families were suffering as well.
They had no visitation rights and were denied all contact with us, so they didn't know
whether we were dead or alive.
All they could do was calm their anxious hearts and look to Jehovah who reassured them
with the promise.
I will be your refuge and your stronghold.
This was a great comfort to them.
At that time, if we refused to enlist in the army, some of us were imprisoned multiple
times.
In my case, I was imprisoned in 1972 and again in 1975.
Just the thought of having to return to the same prison was emotionally devastating.
While in prison the second time, I received a letter from brother Albert Schroeder who
was a member of the governing body at the time.
I read the letter with all the brothers who were imprisoned with me.
In it, he warmly encouraged us by telling us that the governing body and all of the brothers
around the world were praying for us.
After reading this stirring letter, our faith in Jehovah grew stronger.
Not only were we reassured that we were not alone, but we also gained greater strength
and courage to defend our faith.
During this time, it was difficult to get a fair hearing in court.
In 1982, we were tried in a military tribunal.
The military policeman guarding us threatened us not to make a defense for ourselves.
On the day of the trial, even the judicial officer in charge of our defense said,
it's cold, so please go easy on them.
That was it.
At the time, the longest legal prison sentence was two years.
Yet we received a three-year sentence without having a proper hearing or even an explanation
as to why it was long.
Did the situation improve for the brothers over time?
When I was charged with the maximum sentence of two years for insubordination and a military
tribunal, there was no way for me to make a defense for myself.
Sadly, the situation hadn't changed at all when my oldest son was tried in court years
later.
I was sentenced in a military tribunal in the year 2000.
In fact, I was told that if I tried to make a defense during the trial, I would face retaliation
afterwards.
At that time, many brothers were sentenced to three years in prison.
This was even longer than my father's prison sentence.
However, there was a change.
The brothers had been tried in military tribunals for decades, but in 2001, the cases were
moved to civilian courts.
I refused to enlist in November 2001, and so I was arrested.
I wanted to defend Jehovah's name and my stance on Christian neutrality in court, so
I requested bail.
Surprisingly, my request was granted.
It was the first time anyone was released on bail under the military service act.
As I walked out of the jail cell, I realized that Jehovah had opened the door for us to
fight this legal battle.
In court, we felt the fulfillment of Jesus' promise to his disciples in Matthew 10, what
you are to speak will be given you in that hour.
I claimed my innocence in the courts for two years.
Although I received the guilty decision in the initial and appeal trials, I appealed to
the Supreme Court.
Unfortunately, my case was dismissed and I was imprisoned once again.
But while I was in prison, another door opened.
With the help of our brothers and human rights groups, I filed a complaint with the UN Human
Rights Committee to raise awareness in the international community.
In 2006, the UN Human Rights Committee declared that imprisoning conscientious objectors
was a violation of human rights, and it firmly stated that the South Korean government
is obligated to compensate the complainant, Brother Yabum Yun.
During this time, the governing body arranged for the brothers at the Korea branch to work
with the World Headquarters Legal Department.
This was an important turning point in the legal fight for the Korean brothers.
Andre and I felt so privileged when we arrived to deliver letters from the governing body
to our dear brothers in prison in Korea.
At that time, there were almost a thousand of them.
There was about 150 young brothers facing trial, so a legal package was compiled so that
the elders could prepare the young brothers for their trial.
You remember, Philip, the meetings with the 10,000 elders?
They were just excited at the prospect of this new strategy.
I was very fortunate.
Unlike my father, I had the opportunity to clearly state my case in court.
The elders in my congregation helped me to go over the legal packet, provided by the branch,
and a lot of other materials to prepare me for the trial.
Thanks to their help, I no longer felt afraid, and I was eager for the trial to start, so
that I could courageously and boldly convey my faith.
Although I ended up serving time in prison, I received hundreds of letters from brothers
and sisters around the world.
Those letters really helped me to endure with happiness.
Close to 500 complaints were filed with the United Nations Human Rights Committee on
behalf of these brothers.
The committee ruled in favor of the brothers every time, and really all of this is in harmony
with the principal.
The admonition we find in 2nd Kings, 13, 19, that is to strike our arrows repeatedly on
the ground.
These wonderful international decisions, along with the fine efforts of our young brothers
in court that had been prepared by the elders, well, this sent shockwaves through the legal
system in Korea.
Jehovah has greatly blessed the various efforts made, not only in Korea, but also internationally.
The majority of the brothers made their defense without a lawyer, skillfully using only the
legal packet.
As a result, local courts throughout Korea rendered more than 100 not guilty decisions.
How did this affect the Supreme Court's decision?
On June 28, 2018, the Constitutional Court of Korea ruled that an individual's right to
refuse military service according to his own conscience should be protected by the Constitution
of Korea.
Furthermore, it declared that the government must provide and implement alternative service
by 2020.
So now it was the Supreme Court's turn to respond to this historic decision by the Constitutional
Court.
All attention was focused on whether or not it would protect the conscientious objectors
and declare our brothers not guilty.
The Supreme Court held a public hearing on August 30.
What preparations were made and what was the result?
The governing body made some very loving arrangements through the legal department at World
Headquarters.
They had 14 lawyers from five branches around the world assist us to thoroughly prepare
for the public hearing.
The public hearing was broadcast live on the Internet.
Later, many brothers told us that they were watching the hearing and praying earnestly
for us.
Thanks to their support, we were able to respond appropriately to the judge's aggressive
questions.
As stated at 1 Peter 315, we did so with a mild temper and deep respect.
Those two months after the August 30th public hearing, the Supreme Court announced that
the defendant was not guilty.
In effect, the highest court confirmed that Jehovah's Witnesses were not criminals.
This historic ruling is the result of the faithful endurance of over 19,000 brothers
along with the tears and the sacrifices of their families.
I believe these momentous legal victories were possible because of their deep love for
Jehovah and their long history of faith and courage.
Our Korean brothers suffered injustice and went to prison rather than violate their conscience.
They remembered 1 Peter 2 and verse 20.
If you endure suffering because of doing good, this is an agreeable thing to God.
We rejoice that their courageous stand has finally been recognized and that this injustice
has ended.
This historic legal victory and the integrity of the Korean brothers have certainly exalted
Jehovah's name and upheld his sovereignty.
When all the imprisoned brothers were finally released, brothers and sisters around the world
rejoiced.
No doubt all of us are united and sincere thanks to our father Jehovah for this wonderful
triumph.
Jehovah gave our Korean brothers the strength to endure with faith and courage.
We are confident that he will do the same for all our beloved brothers and sisters around
the world who are imprisoned because of their faith.